All right here we go.
So we start with a simple search.
This is and this a word that will try to minimise its energy consumption.
So first of all I must explain why is there some energy consumption and what is this energy spent for.
Well as you can imagine the server hosts some users and some data so some users log into the server
some data is transmitted into the server and also some of the users log off the server and some data
is transmitted outside the server.
And all these users and data for tuition's have an impact on the surface temperature and therefore there
must be a system that regulates the temperature of the server as the users come and go.
And as the data come and go and let's not forget about any AI if there is no AI the server has an integrated
cooling system that will automatically regulate the service temperature by always bringing every minute
the service temperature into the optimal range of temperatures which you will see will be from 18 degrees
to 24 degrees Celsius.
So for example if a lot of users and a lot of data get into the server while this will increase the
temperature of the server and let's say that the service temperature is increased to 35 degrees Well
this server integrated cooling system will automatically bring down the surface temperature to 24 degrees
and the granularity of our iterations will be every minute.
You'll see we'll work a lot with the current temperature at time t and the next temperature at time
T plus one.
While the unit of time will be the minute and so every minute the server is integrated cooling system
will automatically bring down the surface temperature to the optimal range of temperature from 18 to
24 degrees.
And so that's what happens when there is no AI.
And our goal of course is to build an AI AI that will beat this system.
You know the servers integrated cooling system.
And how will it be that.
Well it has to regulate the temperature of the server so as to spend less energy than this integrated
cooling system.
And we will define afterwards how energy is correlated to the temperature.
All right so now let's move on.
OK.
So we have a huge environment to build.
And when we have a huge environment to build it can be very useful to get a clear list of all the parameters
all the parameters and all the variables.
So let's quickly list what they are.
So first we have the average atmospheric temperature over months and we will get that for each of the
12 months you will see that in our code and we have the optimal range of temperatures of the server
which as we just said is from 18 degrees Celsius to 24 degrees Celsius.
Then we have the minimum temperature of the server below which the server fails to operate which will
be minus 20 degrees the maximum temperature of this or above which it fails to operate which will be
80 degrees Celsius.
And we have the minimum number of users in the server which will be 10.
These are just some values we choose for implementation.
That's how I choose to define the environment just so that we can have a simulation.
Then we have the maximum number of users in the server which will be 100.
The maximum number of users in the server that can go up or down per minute which will be five meaning
that you know when the users come and go.
While there can be maximum five users logging into the server and maximum five users logging of the
server then same we have some minimum and maximum numbers for the rates of data transmission the minimum
rate of data transmission and the server will be 20 and the maximum rate of data transmission server
will be 300.
And again we have the maximum rate of data transmission that can go up or down per minute.
And this will be 10.
All right so these are the parameters we will write all this in our code.
This will actually be our first step when defining the environment.
OK and then we have the Horrible's.
So these are very important to understand.
I'm not listed here all the variables in our code because there are many of them but the main ones you
know the ones that will have a huge impact on the ground that we have to accomplish.
So the first variable is the temperature of the server at any minute.
Remember that the iterations are measured in minutes and here what's important to understand is that
we will measure separately.
You know we will run separately to simulations for the two systems which are I remind the servers integrated
cooling system.
And of course our artificial intelligence because I remind that indeed they are complimentary.
You know the servers and cooling system is activated when there is no AI and vice versa.
So in order to compare the two performances of these two systems Well we will have to merge separately
the two temperatures when the AI is activated and when it is not activated and then same we have a number
of users in the server at any minute.
The rate of data transmission at any minute.
And then most importantly the energy is spent by the eye onto the server you know to cool it down or
heat it up at any minute again.
And separately the energy spent by the service integrated cooling system that automatically brings the
surface temperature back to the optimal range whenever the surface temperature goes outside is optimal
range.
And obviously we will compute separately you know in two separate simulations the energy spent by the
you know when we have any.
And the energy spent by the servers integrated cooling system when we have no AI.
And of course we will run these two simulations separately but with the same fluctuations of users and
data coming in and coming out of the server.
All right so you might have already an idea of how we will compute the reward.
Okay.
And you know when defining a huge environment Well of course we have to make some assumptions.
Most of the time in here these assumptions are just to simplify the environment as much as we can so
that we can focus the maximum of our energy onto our visual intelligence.
So we have two assumptions and the first assumption will be that the temperature of the server can be
approximated through multiple regression by function of the atmospheric temperature number of users
and the rate of data transmission.
So let's imagine that the data scientists run a regression and they found out that the server temperature
can be approximated by a linear function of the atmospheric temperature.
The number of users and the data transmission rates which are indeed variables of our environment.
So they did their regression they found out that the surface temperature is linearly correlated to the
atmospheric temperature the number of views and the data transmission rate and at the end of their regression
they found out that the coefficients where zero equals one B1 because one point twenty five and B two
equals one point twenty five.
OK.
So of course we will use this in our code meaning that we will implement this formula in our code.
And again that's only for simplicity purposes.
And then we have a second in Sumption and that is related to the energy.
So assumption 2 is that the energy spent by a system which is either our AI or the servers integrate
cooling system that changes the surface temperature from a temperature at time t to a temperature at
time tipis one that is within one unit of time one minute can be approximated again through regression
by a linear function of the servers absolute temperature change.
So again the data scientists run a regression.
They've trained some linear correlations between the energy and the change of temperature which is delta-T
here and in the end they obtained the values of the coefficients alpha and beta which are respectively
1 and 0.
So that this assumption 2 becomes that the energy spent by system to heat up or cool down a server is
directly the absolute value of the change of temperature.
So let's say for example that are AAE from one time to the next minute changes the surface temperature
from let's say 30 degrees to 27 degrees.
Well that means that the energy spent by the AI to do that is three joules right.
That's the assumption and of course that's again to simplify the environment.
And same for the integrated cooling system.
Let's say that at a specific time to service temperature goes up to 35 degrees.
Well remember that this server is integrated cooling system will automatically bring down the temperature
to the closest bound of the optimal range which is 24 degrees.
So since at this time the surface temperature was thirty five degrees while this integrated cooling
system will bring it down to 24 degrees meaning that it will cause a temperature change of 24 minus
35 equals minus 11 degrees and therefore the energy spent by these servers integrate a cooling system
will be 11 joules.
All right.
And so that gives us more simplicity of how we are going to compute the energies spent by these two
systems separately.
All right.
And now let's move on to the next step.
Our plan of attack which will be of course the same plan of attack as before where will define first
the environment then explain all the AI's solution in terms of intuition and theory and of course in
the end implemented the whole solution in Python.
So I look forward to kick up this plan of attack in Texas oil.
And until then enjoy AI.